---
layout: page
title: Terms of Use
include_in_header: false
---

# Terms of Use

## **1. Introduction and Acceptance**

By accessing or using the Services, you are accepting these Terms (on behalf of yourself or the entity/ individual that you may represent) and you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into these Terms (on behalf of yourself or the entity/individual that you may represent). You may not access or use the Services or accept the Terms if you are not at least 13 (thirteen) years old. If you are under 18 (eighteen), you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use the Services.

If you do not agree with all of the provisions of these Terms, do not access and/or use the Services.

## **2. Customer Content, Output and AI Based Output** 

2.1. “Customer Content” shall mean any and all information and content (including but not limited to text, images, photos, videos, audio, reviews, comments and documents) that a Customer provides or makes available to VIGO in connection with the use of the Services. 

2.2. “Output” shall refer to the content created, generated and returned by the Services based on the Customer Content. 

## **3. Changes to Terms** 

VIGO reserves the right from time to time and at its sole and absolute discretion, to make any changes/ modifications/ additions/ deletions to these Terms as may be necessary (“Revised Terms”). It is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of the Revised Terms, by visiting this page regularly. Any continued use of these Services after the Revised Terms have been published constitute a valid and binding acceptance by you of such Revised Terms.

## **4. Accounts**

We need you to agree to our terms to provide you with Services. We offer this service to almost anyone, but keep your passwords safe, and don’t let others use your credentials.

To access or use our service, you must create an account with us. When you create this account you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and update your details and any other information that you provide to us.

## **5. Access to the Services & Output**

5.1. License: Subject to these Terms, VIGO grants you a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use, sub-license, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, derive revenue or other remuneration from, and communicate to the public, perform and display your Output (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. VIGO also grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Services in accordance with section 13.

5.2. Certain Restrictions: The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not attempt to reverse engineer, de-compile, hack, disable, interfere with, disassemble, copy, or disrupt the integrity or the performance of the Services, any third-party use of the Services, or any third-party data contained therein (except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by applicable law); and (b) you shall not access the Services in order to build a competitive product or service or copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Services. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services shall be subject to these Terms.

5.3. Modification: VIGO reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that VIGO will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof.

5.4. No support or maintenance: You acknowledge and agree that VIGO will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Services.

5.5. Ownership: You acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Services are owned by VIGO or its suppliers. Neither these Terms (nor your access to the Services) transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in section 5.1. VIGO and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms, and there are no implied licenses granted under these Terms. 

## **6. Customer Content and Output generation guidelines** 

6.1. Customer Content and Output: You are solely responsible for your Customer Content and any Output generated using your Customer Content, or any Customer Content/ Output which has been provided/ generated using your Account by any affiliate/ entity/ representative which you may be related to. You assume all risks associated with use of your Customer Content or any Output generated using your Customer Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your Customer Content or any Output generated using your Customer Content, that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your Customer Content will not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (*defined hereinbelow*). You may not represent or imply to others that your Customer Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by VIGO. VIGO is not obligated to backup any Customer Content, or any Output generated using your Customer Content, and the same may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your Customer Content or any Output generated using your Customer Content if you desire.

6.2. Right to Use Your Customer Content & Output: You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to VIGO an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to access, use, reproduce, electronically distribute, transmit, perform, format, display, store, archive, and index the Customer Content/ Output generated using your Customer Content for the purpose of supporting your use of the Services and providing Services to you. We may also use Customer Content/ Output generated using your Customer Content for the purpose of supporting and developing and further improving the Services. This term and the rights and licenses granted hereunder do not apply to enterprise customers, who are subject to a separate set of terms and conditions specifically tailored to enterprise agreements.

6.3. Acceptable Use Policy: The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:

6.3.1. You agree not to use the Services to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any Customer Content/ Output (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, statute, ordinance, rule, judgement, rule of law, order, decree, clearance, approval, directive, guideline, policy, requirement, or other governmental restriction or any similar form of decision of, or determination by, or any interpretation or administration of any of the foregoing by, any governmental authority; or (v) that adversely impacts an individual’s legal rights or otherwise which creates or modifies a binding, enforceable obligation. 

6.3.2. In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Services unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Services to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other Customers, including email addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Services, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services); or (vi) harass or interfere with any other Customer’s use and enjoyment of the Services.

6.4. Enforcement: We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any Customer Content/ Output, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your Customer Content/ Output, terminating your Account in accordance with Section 13, and/or taking appropriate action in accordance with applicable law, such as reporting you to law enforcement authorities.

6.5. Feedback: If you provide VIGO with any feedback, reviews or suggestions regarding the Services and/or Outputs (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to VIGO all rights in such Feedback and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any and all intellectual property rights or moral rights you may have in such Feedback. You hereby agree that VIGO shall have the right to fully use your Feedback for the purpose of supporting and developing and further improving the Services. Furthermore, VIGO shall have the absolute right and discretion to utilise your Feedback for marketing/ promoting/ advertising VIGO and/ or the Services in any media formats and through any media channels, whether now known or existing in the future throughout the world, without VIGO seeking further permission from you.. VIGO will treat any Feedback you provide to VIGO as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to VIGO any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. 

## **7. Third-Party Services and products; other Customers**

7.1. VIGO provides tools through the Services that enable you to import and export information, including Customer Content/ Output, to and from third party services, including through features that allow you to link your account on VIGO with an account on a third party service (such as YouTube or Facebook) using multiple project keys for their application programming interface (“API”). These third party services are governed by their own [API](https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms/developer-policies#d.-accessing-youtube-api-services) policies. By using one of these tools, you agree that VIGO may transfer that information to and from the applicable third party service. Third party services are not under VIGO’s control, and VIGO is not responsible for any third party service’s use of your exported information. The Service may also contain links to third party websites, and such linked websites are not under VIGO’s control, and VIGO is not responsible for their content. These third party services are governed by their own terms of service and privacy policies (eg: Google [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)). 

7.2. Third-Party Services: You acknowledge that the Service will enable or assist you to access, interact with, and/or purchase services from several supported platforms and other third parties via third-party websites or applications (collectively, “Third-Party Services”). Such Third-Party Services are not under the control of VIGO and VIGO does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Services and is not responsible for any Third-Party Services. You use all Third-Party Services at your risk and discretion and VIGO shall not be liable for any interaction/ decision/ contract/ arrangement/ service you have availed from such Third-Party Service or on the basis of such Third-Party Service. Any use of Third-Party Services is governed solely by the terms and conditions of such Third-Party Services and any contract entered into, or any transaction completed via any Third-Party Services, is between you and the relevant third party, and not with VIGO. You shall comply in all respects with all applicable terms of the Third-Party Services that you access or subscribe to in connection with the Services. If at any time any Third-Party Services cease to make their programs available to us on reasonable terms, we may cease to provide such features to you without entitling you to any notice, refund, credit, or other compensation. 

7.3. Other Customers: Each Customer is solely responsible for any and all of its own Customer Content/ Output. Because we do not control Customer Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any Customer Content, whether provided by you or by others. VIGO is not liable or responsible for any Customer Content/ Output which you may view/ access while using the Services, including the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any such Customer Content/ Output. Furthermore, your interactions with other Customers are solely between you and such Customers, and VIGO will not be responsible for any loss (including monetary loss), damage and/ or any reputational harm incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Customer, we are under no obligation to become a party to such dispute or provide any information/ testimony in relation to such dispute, save and except as may be mandated by a court of law. Please note that Other Customers may search for, see, use, modify and reproduce any of your Customer Content / Output that you submit to any “Public” area of the Services. VIGO is not liable for the disclosure of your Confidential Information due to your failure to secure these settings.You warrant that the holder of any worldwide intellectual property right, in your Customer Content, has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to you the right to grant the license stated above.

7.4. Release: You hereby release and forever discharge VIGO (and our officers, affiliates, partners, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage) that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Services (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Customers or any Third-Party Services and products).

## **8. AI Based Output **

8.1. Suitability of Output: Use of VIGO may produce Output that is unexpected or unsuitable for you. The Output may not be unique and Other Customers of VIGO may generate the same or similar Output. The Output may not be protectable by Intellectual Property Rights.

8.2. No AI/ML Training: You must not, and must not allow third parties to, use any content, data, output or other information received or derived from VIGO, including any Outputs, to directly or indirectly create, train, test, or otherwise improve any machine learning algorithms or artificial intelligence systems, including any architectures, models, or weights.

8.3. Improving artificial intelligence and technologies: You grant VIGO all rights to use your AI Based Output to improve our artificial intelligence safety efforts, to develop and improve our technologies and to improve our products and Services.

8.4. Limitation on liability: VIGO is not responsible or liable in any way, for any AI Based Output which may, solely as a result of the use of the Services (without any human intervention or involvement) and the inherently probabilistic characteristics of machine learning algorithms produce an error, mistake, inaccuracy, technological inadvertency which can display an AI Based Output which (a) is incorrect (b) does not accurately reflect real people, places, or facts (c) may be harmful, defamatory, disparaging and/ or offensive to any particular race, minority, ethnicity, gender, caste, creed or sex or (d) may be offensive to one’s religious, ethical or moral beliefs. 

8.5. No infringing or harmful use: You may not use the Services in a way that is unlawful and/or may harm a person or infringe their rights. No license or rights to use the name, image, likeness, voice, or biographical information of any person, celebrity or otherwise, is granted hereunder, and as such, any use of a work that contains any images of any persons with or without their consent is done at your own risk. You may not use the AI to generate harmful/ defamatory/ illegal AI Based Output and VIGO reserves the right to prohibit you using the Services, and to take any appropriate action as may be permitted by law. You may not seek to reverse engineer the Services, use the Services to attempt to build a competitive product or service. You will indemnify us for your use of Services as outlined in these Terms.

## **9. Disclaimers**

WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS WHO PROVIDE THIRD-PARTY SERVICES) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES AND/OR OUTPUTS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES AND/OR OUTPUTS, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO 90 (NINETY) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE. VIGO DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IN RELATION TO THE CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE CUSTOMER CONTENT AND/ OR OUTPUT, OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. VIGO DOES NOT CONTROL OR VET CUSTOMER CONTENT AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT USERS POST, TRANSMIT, OR SHARE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. VIGO IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE IN ANY MANNER FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH OR UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND/OR OUTPUTS, INCLUDING THE FAILURE OF ANY SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICES OR SUPPORTED PLATFORMS.

IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY (OR SUPPLIERS PROVIDING THIRD-PARTY SERVICES), ITS SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES, EVEN IF VIGO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES IN THE SERVICES, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, (VI) ANY USE OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND/OR (VII) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT HOLD THE COMPANY RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY CONTENT YOU ACCESS THROUGH THE SERVICES AND YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE COMPANY IS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## **10. Indemnification**

10.1. You and/ or any entity/ individual who you may represent or may be represented by you (“Indemnifier”) agree to indemnify and hold harmless VIGO, its subsidiaries, officers, affiliates, partners, directors, employees, and agents (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Indemnified Parties”) from any and all claims, demands, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) Indemnifier’s use of the Services and/or Outputs (b) Indemnifier’s violation of these Terms, (c) Indemnifier’s violation of applicable laws or regulations, (d) Indemnifier’s Customer Content/ Output, (e) Indemnifier’s use of Third-Party Services (f) Indemnifier’s violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property or privacy right, or (iv) your actions/ decisions which for any reason has prejudiced or materially/ adversely affected the Indemnified Parties. 

10.2. VIGO reserves the right, at the Indemnifier’s expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which the Indemnifier is required to indemnify us, and the Indemnifier agrees to cooperate with our defense of these claims. The Indemnifier agrees not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of VIGO.

10.3. Any claim made by the Indemnified Parties hereunder shall be conclusive evidence that such claim has arisen and the notice given by the Indemnified Parties shall be conclusive proof of the amount payable by the Indemnifier towards their indemnity obligations. Further, prior to making any claim hereunder, the Indemnified Parties shall not be required to take any step, make any demand upon, exercise any remedies or obtain any judgment against the Indemnifier or any other person.

10.4. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the Indemnifier’s obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Parties pursuant to these Terms shall arise immediately upon the Indemnified Parties incurring or suffering any loss on institution of any claim, suit or action, irrespective of any defence or right to appeal available to them. The failure of the Indemnified Parties to notify the Indemnifier of a claim shall not relieve the Indemnifier of their indemnification obligations hereunder.

10.5. The rights of the Indemnified Parties to indemnification shall not be impacted or limited by any knowledge that the Indemnified Parties may have acquired, or would have acquired, whether before or after the date hereof, nor by any investigation or diligence conducted by the Indemnified Parties.

10.6. The indemnification rights of the Indemnified Parties under these Terms are without prejudice to, independent of, and in addition to, such other rights and remedies as the Indemnified Parties may have at law or in equity or otherwise, including the right to seek specific performance, rescission, restitution or other injunctive relief, none of which rights or remedies shall be affected or diminished hereby.

 

## **11. Limitation on Liability**

ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF $ 50 (FIFTY US DOLLARS). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. 

WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE, ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, OUR SERVICES; OR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT DISPLAYED ON OUR SERVICES.

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT LOSS OR DAMAGE INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, SALES, BUSINESS, OR REVENUE; BUSINESS INTERRUPTION; LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS; LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, GOODWILL, OR REPUTATION; OR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE.

WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A VIRUS, DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF OUR APPLICATIONS OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY CONTENT ON THEM, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THEM.

YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## **12. Payments, Cancellations**

12.1. Subscription fees: Paid Subscriptions can be purchased directly from VIGO by paying a monthly or yearly subscription fee. Subscriptions are billed in advance on a monthly or yearly basis and are non-refundable for the subscription period they are purchased for. You must provide us with a valid credit card or other payment method to pay the subscription fee. You agree that we may process your credit card or other valid payment method on each renewal term, on the calendar day corresponding to the first day you subscribed to the Paid Subscription.

12.2. Auto-renewal and cancellation: Your payment to VIGO will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, unless you cancel your Paid Subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription period. The cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of the current subscription period, and you will be downgraded to a Free Account. You may cancel your Paid Subscription at any time.

12.3. Changes to subscription terms: We may change the price for the Paid Subscriptions from time to time, and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes. Price changes for Paid Subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use the Services after the price change takes effect. If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by unsubscribing from the Services prior to the price change going into effect. It is your obligation and responsibility to ensure that you read and understand any such notification of price changes.

12.4. Refunds: You may cancel your VIGO subscription at any time, and you will not be charged for the next billing cycle. In case you think payment has not been made by you, please reach out to us at abc@aiwaga.com and we will respond to you within 48 (forty eight) working hours.

## **13. Terms and termination** 

These Terms shall continue to apply to you until your Account is terminated by either you or VIGO, and you cease to use the Services. However, you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual license granted by you in relation to the Customer Content/ Output, including Feedback, is irrevocable and will therefore continue after expiry or termination of your Account and your discontinuation of using the Services for any reason. We may terminate your Account or suspend your access to the Services at any time, including in the event of your actual or suspected unauthorized use of the Services and/or Customer Content/ Output, or non-compliance with these Terms. If you or VIGO terminate your Account, or if we suspend your access to the Services, you agree that we shall have no liability or responsibility to you and we will not refund any amounts that you have already paid, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. To learn how to terminate your Account, you may contact us through the customer service contact form, which is available on our help & support page. This section will be enforced to the extent permissible by applicable law. You may terminate your Account and cease to use our Services at any time. Any provision of these Terms which, either by its terms or to give effect to its meaning, must survive, and such other provisions which expressly, or by their nature, are intended to survive termination shall survive the expiration or termination of these Terms.

## **14. Entire agreement**

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the parties, and no other agreement, written or oral, precedes this agreement between you and VIGO. By using the Information on VIGO, you assume full responsibility for any and all gains and losses, financial, emotional or otherwise, experienced, suffered or incurred by you. VIGO does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of, or otherwise endorse in any way, the views, opinions or recommendations expressed through the use of our Services and/ or Third Party Services, and we do not provide investment advice, and do not advocate the purchase or sale of any security or investment by you or any other individual. Our Services are not intended to provide tax, legal or investment advice, which you should obtain from your professional advisor prior to making any investment of the type discussed in the Information. Our Services do not constitute a solicitation by the information providers, VIGO or any other person for the purchase or sale of securities. By using or accessing the Services, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms.

## 